
# Meeting Minutes - Kickoff

## Attendance

* Joseph Del Val
* Vivin Vinil
* Leo Lee
* Merrick Qiu
* Yuantian Zhou
* Abhimanyu Srivastava
* Alex Tahan
* Andrew Onozuka
* Jacob Felts
* Julia Poon

## Agenda

* Create markdown for this meeting
* Go through all of the canvas assignments to make sure that we have them submitted/ready to submit
* Management - Group Bonding Event
* Management - Group Kickoff, Repo and Meeting Prep
* Management - Branding, Group Page and Video
* Management - Group Contract
* Discuss: Exploratory Programming - The Mystical 8-Ball

## Meeting Minutes Markdown

Andrew Onozuka took notes for this meeting.

## Management - Group Contract



## Discussion about branding

Since there seems to be a paucity of artistic skills, it seems our best bet is printing the logo. We all seem relatively satisfied with Andrew's design.

## Wrap-up, Looking Ahead, Ground Rules

We all seem to be quite interested in the class, and agree that participation seems to be one of the biggest factors for success.

Vivin Vinil asked members to communicate and let him know if they're facing troubles with excessive work or motivation, so that we're all on the same page.

We also attempted to get a preliminary skeleton of ground rules, to later be adapted into the group contracted:

### Preliminary Rules:
* Try to keep slack notifications on.
* Communciate if something comes up. Stuff happens, but try to let everyone know when it does.
* Aim for at least a 24-hour notice for meetings: if the notice is given, we can start on time and need not wait.
* Do in-person meetings whenever possible-- shorter meetings may warrant zoom, but longer coding sessions should typically be in-person.

## Post-meeting bonding

Afterwards, we played skribbl.io
